content/pages/blog/top-ten-lessons-we-learned.md, before:

---
title: Youth & the Power of Grassroots Change
slug: top-ten-lessons-we-learned
date: '2025-01-02'
excerpt: >-
  Sit ratione eligendi et quis distinctio et maiores accusantium aut accusamus
  facere sit repellat quidem qui alias nostrum et earum enim. Cum quis sint eos
  dolor quas ad odit ipsum qui quia eius.
featuredImage:
  url: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
  altText: Thumbnail
  type: ImageBlock
  styles:
    self:
      borderRadius: medium
isFeatured: true
seo:
  metaTitle: The Top Ten Lessons We’ve Learned Since Our Initial Launch
  metaDescription: You can add the excerpt and main keywords of your blog post here.
  socialImage: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
  type: Seo
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: row
type: PostLayout
author: content/data/person1.json
---

Interdum posuere lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur. Odio morbi quis commodo odio aenean sed adipiscing diam donec. Vitae congue mauris rhoncus aenean vel elit scelerisque mauris pellentesque. Porttitor massa id neque aliquam vestibulum morbi blandit cursus. Vitae aliquet nec ullamcorper sit. Gravida arcu ac tortor dignissim convallis aenean. Quisque sagittis purus sit amet volutpat consequat mauris nunc congue. Est ultricies integer quis auctor. Commodo quis imperdiet massa tincidunt nunc pulvinar sapien. Vel risus commodo viverra maecenas accumsan lacus. Donec adipiscing tristique risus nec feugiat in fermentum. Habitasse platea dictumst quisque sagittis purus sit. Quam adipiscing vitae proin sagittis nisl rhoncus mattis rhoncus urna. Id leo in vitae turpis massa sed. Auctor elit sed vulputate mi sit. Gravida arcu ac tortor dignissim convallis aenean et.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Auctor augue mauris augue neque gravida in fermentum et. Eget mi proin sed libero enim sed faucibus turpis in. Semper auctor neque vitae tempus. Nibh nisl condimentum id venenatis a condimentum vitae sapien. Et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas sed tempus urna. Tristique magna sit amet purus gravida. Lobortis elementum nibh tellus molestie. Natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes nascetur. Lacus sed viverra tellus in hac habitasse platea. Duis ultricies lacus sed turpis tincidunt id aliquet risus. Vitae congue eu consequat ac felis donec et. Nec tincidunt praesent semper feugiat nibh sed pulvinar proin gravida. Lobortis mattis aliquam faucibus purus in massa tempor nec feugiat. In nibh mauris cursus mattis molestie. Proin libero nunc consequat interdum varius sit amet. Molestie at elementum eu facilisis sed odio morbi quis commodo.

Vitae congue mauris rhoncus aenean vel elit scelerisque mauris. Ac tincidunt vitae semper quis lectus nulla at volutpat diam. Eget arcu dictum varius duis at consectetur lorem. Nec ullamcorper sit amet risus nullam eget felis. Laoreet non curabitur gravida arcu ac tortor. Cursus metus aliquam eleifend mi in. Faucibus vitae aliquet nec ullamcorper sit amet. Consectetur a erat nam at lectus urna. Porttitor eget dolor morbi non arcu risus quis varius quam. Condimentum mattis pellentesque id nibh tortor id aliquet. Augue neque gravida in fermentum..

Commit message:

top-ten-lessons-we-learned.md: updated markdown_content

content/pages/blog/top-ten-lessons-we-learned.md, after:

---
title: Youth & the Power of Grassroots Change
slug: top-ten-lessons-we-learned
date: '2025-01-02'
excerpt: >-
  Sit ratione eligendi et quis distinctio et maiores accusantium aut accusamus
  facere sit repellat quidem qui alias nostrum et earum enim. Cum quis sint eos
  dolor quas ad odit ipsum qui quia eius.
featuredImage:
  url: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
  altText: Thumbnail
  type: ImageBlock
  styles:
    self:
      borderRadius: medium
isFeatured: true
seo:
  metaTitle: The Top Ten Lessons We’ve Learned Since Our Initial Launch
  metaDescription: You can add the excerpt and main keywords of your blog post here.
  socialImage: /images/abstract-feature2.svg
  type: Seo
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: row
type: PostLayout
author: content/data/person1.json
---
At Bharatiya Yuva Sangha, we believe that real change doesn’t always begin in boardrooms or government halls—it begins at the grassroots, in the hands of young, passionate individuals. Our journey started with a simple idea: to inspire youth to take charge of their surroundings and lead the movement for a cleaner, greener India.

From our very first cleanliness drive in the rural village of Kawripathar to our workshops in local schools, we've witnessed a powerful transformation. Young volunteers, many of them students, have not only cleaned their communities but also sparked awareness in others. These efforts have turned passive citizens into active participants.

Through tree plantation campaigns, school outreach, and social media advocacy, we've created platforms for youth to act, lead, and inspire. Our goal is not just to clean, but to build a culture of environmental responsibility and civic pride.

This blog shares our experiences, lessons, and voices from the field—capturing stories of impact that prove youth are not just the leaders of tomorrow, but the changemakers of today. Join us as we continue to move from one village to the next, carrying the message: *“Clean India starts with me.”*
